рддреНрд░рд┐рджрд┐рд╡рд╡рд░реНрдзрдХрд┐рд╡рд░реНрдзрд┐рддрдХреМрд╢рд▓рдВ рддреНрд░рд┐рджрд╢рджрддреНрддрд╕рдорд╕реНрддрд╡рд┐рднреВрддрд┐рдорддреН ред
рдЬрд▓рдзрд┐рдордзреНрдпрдЧрддрдВ рддреНрд╡рдорднреВрд╖рдпреЛ рдирд╡рдкреБрд░рдВ рд╡рдкреБрд░рдЮреНрдЪрд┐рддрд░реЛрдЪрд┐рд╖рд╛ реерезрее
р┤др╡Нр┤░р┤┐р┤жр┤┐р┤╡р┤╡р╡╝р┤зр┤Хр┤┐р┤╡р╡╝р┤зр┤┐р┤др┤Хр╡Чр┤╢р┤▓р┤В р┤др╡Нр┤░р┤┐р┤жр┤╢р┤жр┤др╡Нр┤др┤╕р┤ор┤╕р╡Нр┤др┤╡р┤┐р┤нр╡Вр┤др┤┐р┤ор┤др╡Н .
р┤Ьр┤▓р┤зр┤┐р┤ор┤зр╡Нр┤пр┤Чр┤др┤В р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤ор┤нр╡Вр┤╖р┤пр╡Л р┤ир┤╡р┤кр╡Бр┤░р┤В р┤╡р┤кр╡Бр┤░р┤Юр╡Нр┤Ър┤┐р┤др┤░р╡Лр┤Ър┤┐р┤╖р┤╛ ..1..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: Even]
рджрджреБрд╖рд┐ рд░реЗрд╡рддрднреВрднреГрддрд┐ рд░реЗрд╡рддреАрдВ рд╣рд▓рднреГрддреЗ рддрдирдпрд╛рдВ рд╡рд┐рдзрд┐рд╢рд╛рд╕рдирд╛рддреН ред
рдорд╣рд┐рддрдореБрддреНрд╕рд╡рдШреЛрд╖рдордкреВрдкреБрд╖: рд╕рдореБрджрд┐рддреИрд░реНрдореБрджрд┐рддреИ: рд╕рд╣ рдпрд╛рджрд╡реИ: реереирее
р┤жр┤жр╡Бр┤╖р┤┐ р┤░р╡Зр┤╡р┤др┤нр╡Вр┤нр╡Гр┤др┤┐ р┤░р╡Зр┤╡р┤др╡Ар┤В р┤╣р┤▓р┤нр╡Гр┤др╡З р┤др┤ир┤пр┤╛р┤В р┤╡р┤┐р┤зр┤┐р┤╢р┤╛р┤╕р┤ир┤╛р┤др╡Н .
р┤ор┤╣р┤┐р┤др┤ор╡Бр┤др╡Нр┤╕р┤╡р┤Шр╡Лр┤╖р┤ор┤кр╡Вр┤кр╡Бр┤╖: р┤╕р┤ор╡Бр┤жр┤┐р┤др╡Ир╡╝р┤ор╡Бр┤жр┤┐р┤др╡И: р┤╕р┤╣ р┤пр┤╛р┤жр┤╡р╡И: ..2..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: At]
рдЕрде рд╡рд┐рджрд░реНрднрд╕реБрддрд╛рдВ рдЦрд▓реБ рд░реБрдХреНрдорд┐рдгреАрдВ рдкреНрд░рдгрдпрд┐рдиреАрдВ рддреНрд╡рдпрд┐ рджреЗрд╡ рд╕рд╣реЛрджрд░: ред
рд╕реНрд╡рдпрдорджрд┐рддреНрд╕рдд рдЪреЗрджрд┐рдорд╣реАрднреБрдЬреЗ рд╕реНрд╡рддрдорд╕рд╛ рддрдорд╕рд╛рдзреБрдореБрдкрд╛рд╢реНрд░рдпрдиреН реерейрее
р┤Ер┤е р┤╡р┤┐р┤жр╡╝р┤нр┤╕р╡Бр┤др┤╛р┤В р┤Цр┤▓р╡Б р┤░р╡Бр┤Хр╡Нр┤ор┤┐р┤гр╡Ар┤В р┤кр╡Нр┤░р┤гр┤пр┤┐р┤ир╡Ар┤В р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤пр┤┐ р┤жр╡Зр┤╡ р┤╕р┤╣р╡Лр┤жр┤░: .
р┤╕р╡Нр┤╡р┤пр┤ор┤жр┤┐р┤др╡Нр┤╕р┤д р┤Ър╡Зр┤жр┤┐р┤ор┤╣р╡Ар┤нр╡Бр┤Ьр╡З р┤╕р╡Нр┤╡р┤др┤ор┤╕р┤╛ р┤др┤ор┤╕р┤╛р┤зр╡Бр┤ор╡Бр┤кр┤╛р┤╢р╡Нр┤░р┤пр╡╗ ..3..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: The]
рдЪрд┐рд░рдзреГрддрдкреНрд░рдгрдпрд╛ рддреНрд╡рдпрд┐ рдмрд╛рд▓рд┐рдХрд╛ рд╕рдкрджрд┐ рдХрд╛рдЩреНрдХреНрд╖рд┐рддрднрдЩреНрдЧрд╕рдорд╛рдХреБрд▓рд╛ ред
рддрд╡ рдирд┐рд╡реЗрджрдпрд┐рддреБрдВ рджреНрд╡рд┐рдЬрдорд╛рджрд┐рд╢рддреН рд╕реНрд╡рдХрджрдирдВ рдХрджрдирдЩреНрдЧрд╡рд┐рдирд┐рд░реНрдорд┐рддрдВ реерекрее
р┤Ър┤┐р┤░р┤зр╡Гр┤др┤кр╡Нр┤░р┤гр┤пр┤╛ р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤пр┤┐ р┤мр┤╛р┤▓р┤┐р┤Хр┤╛ р┤╕р┤кр┤жр┤┐ р┤Хр┤╛р┤Щр╡Нр┤Хр╡Нр┤╖р┤┐р┤др┤нр┤Вр┤Чр┤╕р┤ор┤╛р┤Хр╡Бр┤▓р┤╛ .
р┤др┤╡ р┤ир┤┐р┤╡р╡Зр┤жр┤пр┤┐р┤др╡Бр┤В р┤жр╡Нр┤╡р┤┐р┤Ьр┤ор┤╛р┤жр┤┐р┤╢р┤др╡Н р┤╕р╡Нр┤╡р┤Хр┤жр┤ир┤В р┤Хр┤жр┤ир┤Вр┤Чр┤╡р┤┐р┤ир┤┐р╡╝р┤ор┤┐р┤др┤В ..4..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: For]
рджреНрд╡рд┐рдЬрд╕реБрддреЛрд╜рдкрд┐ рдЪ рддреВрд░реНрдгрдореБрдкрд╛рдпрдпреМ рддрд╡ рдкреБрд░рдВ рд╣рд┐ рджреБрд░рд╛рд╢рджреБрд░рд╛рд╕рджрдореН ред
рдореБрджрдорд╡рд╛рдк рдЪ рд╕рд╛рджрд░рдкреВрдЬрд┐рдд: рд╕ рднрд╡рддрд╛ рднрд╡рддрд╛рдкрд╣реГрддрд╛ рд╕реНрд╡рдпрдореН реерелрее
р┤жр╡Нр┤╡р┤┐р┤Ьр┤╕р╡Бр┤др╡Лр┤╜р┤кр┤┐ р┤Ъ р┤др╡Вр╡╝р┤гр┤ор╡Бр┤кр┤╛р┤пр┤пр╡Ч р┤др┤╡ р┤кр╡Бр┤░р┤В р┤╣р┤┐ р┤жр╡Бр┤░р┤╛р┤╢р┤жр╡Бр┤░р┤╛р┤╕р┤жр┤В .
р┤ор╡Бр┤жр┤ор┤╡р┤╛р┤к р┤Ъ р┤╕р┤╛р┤жр┤░р┤кр╡Вр┤Ьр┤┐р┤д: р┤╕ р┤нр┤╡р┤др┤╛ р┤нр┤╡р┤др┤╛р┤кр┤╣р╡Гр┤др┤╛ р┤╕р╡Нр┤╡р┤пр┤В ..5..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: The]
рд╕ рдЪ рднрд╡рдиреНрддрдорд╡реЛрдЪрдд рдХреБрдгреНрдбрд┐рдиреЗ рдиреГрдкрд╕реБрддрд╛ рдЦрд▓реБ рд░рд╛рдЬрддрд┐ рд░реБрдХреНрдорд┐рдгреА ред
рддреНрд╡рдпрд┐ рд╕рдореБрддреНрд╕реБрдХрдпрд╛ рдирд┐рдЬрдзреАрд░рддрд╛рд░рд╣рд┐рддрдпрд╛ рд╣рд┐ рддрдпрд╛ рдкреНрд░рд╣рд┐рддреЛрд╜рд╕реНрдореНрдпрд╣рдореН рееремрее
р┤╕ р┤Ъ р┤нр┤╡р┤ир╡Нр┤др┤ор┤╡р╡Лр┤Ър┤д р┤Хр╡Бр┤гр╡Нр┤бр┤┐р┤ир╡З р┤ир╡Гр┤кр┤╕р╡Бр┤др┤╛ р┤Цр┤▓р╡Б р┤░р┤╛р┤Ьр┤др┤┐ р┤░р╡Бр┤Хр╡Нр┤ор┤┐р┤гр╡А .
р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤пр┤┐ р┤╕р┤ор╡Бр┤др╡Нр┤╕р╡Бр┤Хр┤пр┤╛ р┤ир┤┐р┤Ьр┤зр╡Ар┤░р┤др┤╛р┤░р┤╣р┤┐р┤др┤пр┤╛ р┤╣р┤┐ р┤др┤пр┤╛ р┤кр╡Нр┤░р┤╣р┤┐р┤др╡Лр┤╜р┤╕р╡Нр┤ор╡Нр┤пр┤╣р┤В ..6..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: And]
рддрд╡ рд╣реГрддрд╛рд╜рд╕реНрдорд┐ рдкреБрд░реИрд╡ рдЧреБрдгреИрд░рд╣рдВ рд╣рд░рддрд┐ рдорд╛рдВ рдХрд┐рд▓ рдЪреЗрджрд┐рдиреГрдкреЛрд╜рдзреБрдирд╛ ред
рдЕрдпрд┐ рдХреГрдкрд╛рд▓рдп рдкрд╛рд▓рдп рдорд╛рдорд┐рддрд┐ рдкреНрд░рдЬрдЧрджреЗ рдЬрдЧрджреЗрдХрдкрддреЗ рддрдпрд╛ рееренрее
р┤др┤╡ р┤╣р╡Гр┤др┤╛р┤╜р┤╕р╡Нр┤ор┤┐ р┤кр╡Бр┤░р╡Ир┤╡ р┤Чр╡Бр┤гр╡Ир┤░р┤╣р┤В р┤╣р┤░р┤др┤┐ р┤ор┤╛р┤В р┤Хр┤┐р┤▓ р┤Ър╡Зр┤жр┤┐р┤ир╡Гр┤кр╡Лр┤╜р┤зр╡Бр┤ир┤╛ .
р┤Ер┤пр┤┐ р┤Хр╡Гр┤кр┤╛р┤▓р┤п р┤кр┤╛р┤▓р┤п р┤ор┤╛р┤ор┤┐р┤др┤┐ р┤кр╡Нр┤░р┤Ьр┤Чр┤жр╡З р┤Ьр┤Чр┤жр╡Зр┤Хр┤кр┤др╡З р┤др┤пр┤╛ ..7..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: From]
рдЕрд╢рд░рдгрд╛рдВ рдпрджрд┐ рдорд╛рдВ рддреНрд╡рдореБрдкреЗрдХреНрд╖рд╕реЗ рд╕рдкрджрд┐ рдЬреАрд╡рд┐рддрдореЗрд╡ рдЬрд╣рд╛рдореНрдпрд╣рдореН ред
рдЗрддрд┐ рдЧрд┐рд░рд╛ рд╕реБрддрдиреЛрд░рддрдиреЛрддреН рднреГрд╢рдВ рд╕реБрд╣реГрджрдпрдВ рд╣реГрджрдпрдВ рддрд╡ рдХрд╛рддрд░рдореН реереорее
р┤Ер┤╢р┤░р┤гр┤╛р┤В р┤пр┤жр┤┐ р┤ор┤╛р┤В р┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤ор╡Бр┤кр╡Зр┤Хр╡Нр┤╖р┤╕р╡З р┤╕р┤кр┤жр┤┐ р┤Ьр╡Ар┤╡р┤┐р┤др┤ор╡Зр┤╡ р┤Ьр┤╣р┤╛р┤ор╡Нр┤пр┤╣р┤В .
р┤Зр┤др┤┐ р┤Чр┤┐р┤░р┤╛ р┤╕р╡Бр┤др┤ир╡Лр┤░р┤др┤ир╡Лр┤др╡Н р┤нр╡Гр┤╢р┤В р┤╕р╡Бр┤╣р╡Гр┤жр┤пр┤В р┤╣р╡Гр┤жр┤пр┤В р┤др┤╡ р┤Хр┤╛р┤др┤░р┤В ..8..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: If]
рдЕрдХрдердпрд╕реНрддреНрд╡рдордереИрдирдордпреЗ рд╕рдЦреЗ рддрджрдзрд┐рдХрд╛ рдордо рдордиреНрдордерд╡реЗрджрдирд╛ ред
рдиреГрдкрд╕рдордХреНрд╖рдореБрдкреЗрддреНрдп рд╣рд░рд╛рдореНрдпрд╣рдВ рддрджрдпрд┐ рддрд╛рдВ рджрдпрд┐рддрд╛рдорд╕рд┐рддреЗрдХреНрд╖рдгрд╛рдореН реерепрее
р┤Ер┤Хр┤ер┤пр┤╕р╡Нр┤др╡Нр┤╡р┤ор┤ер╡Ир┤ир┤ор┤пр╡З р┤╕р┤Цр╡З р┤др┤жр┤зр┤┐р┤Хр┤╛ р┤ор┤о р┤ор┤ир╡Нр┤ор┤ер┤╡р╡Зр┤жр┤ир┤╛ .
р┤ир╡Гр┤кр┤╕р┤ор┤Хр╡Нр┤╖р┤ор╡Бр┤кр╡Зр┤др╡Нр┤п р┤╣р┤░р┤╛р┤ор╡Нр┤пр┤╣р┤В р┤др┤жр┤пр┤┐ р┤др┤╛р┤В р┤жр┤пр┤┐р┤др┤╛р┤ор┤╕р┤┐р┤др╡Зр┤Хр╡Нр┤╖р┤гр┤╛р┤В ..9..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: Thou]
рдкреНрд░рдореБрджрд┐рддреЗрди рдЪ рддреЗрди рд╕рдордВ рддрджрд╛ рд░рдердЧрддреЛ рд▓рдШреБ рдХреБрдгреНрдбрд┐рдирдореЗрдпрд┐рд╡рд╛рдиреН ред
рдЧреБрд░реБрдорд░реБрддреНрдкреБрд░рдирд╛рдпрдХ рдореЗ рднрд╡рд╛рдиреН рд╡рд┐рддрдиреБрддрд╛рдВ рддрдиреБрддрд╛рдВ рдирд┐рдЦрд┐рд▓рд╛рдкрджрд╛рдореН реерезрежрее
р┤кр╡Нр┤░р┤ор╡Бр┤жр┤┐р┤др╡Зр┤и р┤Ъ р┤др╡Зр┤и р┤╕р┤ор┤В р┤др┤жр┤╛ р┤░р┤ер┤Чр┤др╡Л р┤▓р┤Шр╡Б р┤Хр╡Бр┤гр╡Нр┤бр┤┐р┤ир┤ор╡Зр┤пр┤┐р┤╡р┤╛р╡╗ .
р┤Чр╡Бр┤░р╡Бр┤ор┤░р╡Бр┤др╡Нр┤кр╡Бр┤░р┤ир┤╛р┤пр┤Х р┤ор╡З р┤нр┤╡р┤╛р╡╗ р┤╡р┤┐р┤др┤ир╡Бр┤др┤╛р┤В р┤др┤ир╡Бр┤др┤╛р┤В р┤ир┤┐р┤Цр┤┐р┤▓р┤╛р┤кр┤жр┤╛р┤В ..10..
ЁЯТм [Translation failed: Invalid source language tag: O]